HOME PAGE

- executive summary of the student
- major, uni, contact info, any other relevant websites

RESUME
(link)

ABOUT ME
I can (design, plan, estimate) implement anything you want and when you want (and tell you if i cant). also tests, and maintains (code review)

Hello, I am a software engineer with 2 years experience in full stack web development. My UTS coursework spanned a wide range of areas such as networking, web security, signal processing and embedded software. I enjoyed signal processing the most and have applyed that knowledge in creating an app that can identify musical tones over a microphone. I am currently a software developer at Abyss Solutions and have developed key functionalities for an app that involves interfacing with a 3d model. I think the biggest takeaway I have from my work experience is that I like working with and supporting others, getting good work done and creating a team that feels fullfilled by their work, and happily improving.

(Google wants: enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward)

(future goals)
interests: security, interface, graphics, entertainment media, networking

(FOREGROUND ACHIEVEMENTS)

ACADEMIC EXPERIENCE AND PROJECTS
Bachelor of Software Engineering (Honours)
Nov 2023 Graduating
Diploma in Professional Engineering Practice
University of Technology Sydney

Web app for learning guitar positions
Nov 2019 – Feb 2020
https://edric-m.github.io/chordsscales

- Developed a single page application that aims to aid guitarists learn chords and scales through a dynamic fretboard display.
- Achieved real-time audio analysis on a shared thread while avoiding significant event loop blocking.
- Applied the Fourier Transform to analyse recorded audio data to listen for musical pitches.
- Designed an animated menu that reorders itself based on its inputs.
- Utilised: ReactJS, node.js, npm, CSS, HTML, GitHub, Media Streams API, Visual Studio Code, react-router, react-spring, create-react-app, Discrete Fourier Transform

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE AND PROJECTS
Software Engineer
Jan 2022 – Present
Abyss Solutions Pty. Ltd.

- Researched, desiged and implemented a critical functionality for one of the companies key products
- Rapidly developed a prototype necessary for engaging external stakeholders
- Planned and estimated work with team members to forecast development time needed
- Collaborated with the designer to evaluate feasability, and assist user testing
- Brought the code coverage of our front end unit tests up to 80%

Key achievement: Delivered key functionalities to a web app that improved the turnaround time of another teams’ work by 400%

Key learnings: working with the design team, estimating work, scrum, debugging code, improving code performance, computer graphics (threejs)

ML Data generator
Mar 2022

- A conceptual application that generates randomised images/screenshots of a 3d model
- The screenshots would be used to train a machine learning model thats used by a sensor drone
- The training data would be automatically labelled 
- The app aimed to drastically reduce the time required to generate training data
- I had proposed, the idea and developed it with the help of my team

Junior Software Developer
Apr 2020 – Jul 2021
SeaLadder Pty. Ltd.

- Designed and implemented full-stack solutions using SOLID principles, microservice architecture, and RESTful API’s.
- Developed code with test driven development using xUnit, Jasmine, Karma combined with the Spectator library.
- Onboarded and mentored new interns
- Tech stack: Angular, ASP.NET, Postgres, Azure

Key achievements: designing api, designing interface, heavily involved in the design process, implemented large scope features, wrote a majority of the unit tests

Key learnings: fullstack development, modern software development processes and tools, test driven development, scrum sprints

LEADERSHIP

While working for SeaLadder, I helped onboard new interns. I also mentored them through pair programming sessions and code reviews. I covered best coding practices, our tech stack, code architecture, test driven development, and knowledge sharing.

I led a basic computer skills class at Karabi Community Services Seven Hills. I designed a curriculum for the elderly spanning topics from basic interfacing with Windows and Mac machines, indtroduction to the web and emails, basic web security (like safe internet use), protecting personal data. I wrote all the learning material and external resources on a Wordpress site for them.

TEAMWORK AND SERVICE

Recommendation from a past co-worker
"I had the privilege of working alongside Edric at Abyss Solutions and was impressed by his curiosity, technical expertise, and his exceptional ability to cultivate positive team dynamics.
Edric consistently showcased unwavering dedication and enthusiasm, delivering great work under tight deadlines while adapting quickly to changes in approach. I’ve watched his interest in and understanding of product design grow which aided greatly in our collaboration. He has a talent for sparking engaging conversations and creating a vibrant team environment. Moreover, his kindness and approachability had a significant impact on boosting overall team morale. He was always one of the first to check in with the team and see how people are going.
It has been a pleasure working with Edric."

CONTACT
+61412478324

[edjomendoza@gmail.com](mailto:edjomendoza@gmail.com)
 [](mailto:edjomendoza@gmail.com)[www.linkedin.com/in/edric-mendoza-67818193](http://www.linkedin.com/in/edric-mendoza-67818193)

DONE q Have at least the minimum number of sections specified ( CHECK THE REQUIREMENTS)
q Persuasive writing that foregrounds achievements
q Persuasive writing that talks learnings
q Persuasive writing that shows you are thinking about your future in the profession
q Demonstrates the qualities you might bring to an employer
q Clear Navigation – where things are AND signposts each section of copy
q Images, videos and charts that add to understanding your story
q No spelling errors. No grammatical errors
q Contains a downloadable and up to date resume